Add cashback event category and decoder for Gnosis Pay cashback events (#8539)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :feature:`-` Rotki will now decode Gnosis Pay cashback events as receive/cashback events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :feature:`-` Gnosis Pay casback events will now be properly recognized in the history view.
```
